# LJ Code 201 - Day 2

I actually had a really amazing day in class today. What we learned yesterday is becoming a lot more clear and I'm getting more and more excited everyday about learning coding and coming here. I really enjoyed working on the about_me project today and it was really nice to be able to practice everything we learned, especially with practicing creating new bashes since that is a fairly new concept I've learned and adding, commit-ing, and pushing. It's all starting to make a lot of sense and I'm starting to actually remember how to do certain things! I feel like I'm that one student in the class that asks a ton of questions all the time and I raise my hand a lot and get confused, but it really helps me learn and remember the concepts when I'm interacting with the instructor and when I ask clarifying questions. It was cool to see how HTML, CSS, and Javascript can all come together to make a website because the tutorials on Codeacademy were separated between HTML/CSS and Javascript. I'm going to work on a lot of stuff for this class tonight, I will probably take a look at the quiz and read some of the assigned reading. I also need to finish my pre-work, I mean I've already done it all but I need to write about the experiences and what I learned in order to submit the assignments and to get those points. But yeah, all in all, it's an amazing class and it can get really frustrating and challenging at times but I always seem how to figure it out when I'm stuck and all of the TA's are really helpful!
